[SSL + DNS] Various updates (#5785)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/ssl/ssl-tls/cipher-suites.md

| AES128-SHA256                       | TLS 1.2 | Legacy | [0x3c] | TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256 |
| AES128-SHA                          | TLS 1.0 | Legacy | [0x2f] | TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA |
| ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384       | TLS 1.2 | Modern | [0xc02c] | TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384 |
| ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA384           | TLS 1.2 | Compatible | [0xc024] | TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA384 |
| ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384         | TLS 1.2 | Modern | [0xc030] | TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384 |
| ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA384             | TLS 1.2 | Compatible | [0xc028] | TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA384 |
| ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA                | TLS 1.0 | Compatible | [0xc014] | TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA |
| AES256-GCM-SHA384                   | TLS 1.2 | Legacy | [0x9d] | TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384 |
| AES256-SHA256                       | TLS 1.2 | Legacy | [0x3d] | TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256
 |
| AES256-SHA                          | TLS 1.0 | Legacy | [0x35] | TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA |
| DES-CBC3-SHA                        | TLS 1.0 | Legacy | [0x0701c0] | SSL_CK_DES_192_EDE3_CBC_WITH_SHA |

> | AEAD_AES_128_GCM_SHA256 [^1]        | TLS 1.3 | Modern | N/A | N/A |

Reviewer: Here, I would update the OpenSSL and IANA names for TLS 1.3 ciphers to be identical to what is seen here https://www.iana.org/assignments/tls-parameters/tls-parameters.xhtml#tls-parameters-4

Which is essentially what is also documented here https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8446.html#appendix-B.4

| ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA384           | TLS 1.2 | Compatible | [0xc024] | TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA384 |
| ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384         | TLS 1.2 | Modern | [0xc030] | TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384 |
| ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA384             | TLS 1.2 | Compatible | [0xc028] | TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA384 |
| ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA                | TLS 1.0 | Legacy | [0xc014] | TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA |
| AES256-GCM-SHA384                   | TLS 1.2 | Legacy | [0x9d] | TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384 |
| AES256-SHA256                       | TLS 1.2 | Legacy | [0x3d] | TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA256 |
| AES256-SHA                          | TLS 1.0 | Legacy | [0x35] | TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA |
| DES-CBC3-SHA                        | TLS 1.0 | Legacy | [0x0701c0] | SSL_CK_DES_192_EDE3_CBC_WITH_SHA |
| TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256[^1]        | TLS 1.3 | Modern | {0x13,0x01} | TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256 |
| TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384[^1]        | TLS 1.3 | Modern | {0x13,0x02} | TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384 |
| TLS_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256[^1]  | TLS 1.3 | Modern | {0x13,0x03} | TLS_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256 |

> [^1]: Automatically supported by your zone if you [enable TLS 1.3](/ssl/edge-certificates/additional-options/tls-13/#enable-tls-13). TLS 1.3 uses the same cipher suite space as previous versions of TLS, but define these cipher suites differently. They only specify the symmetric ciphers and cannot be used for TLS 1.2. Similarly, TLS 1.2 and lower cipher suites cannot be used with TLS 1.3 (IETF TLS 1.3 draft 21). BoringSSL also hard-codes cipher preferences in this order for TLS 1.3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[^1]: Automatically supported by your zone if you [enable TLS 1.3](/ssl/edge-certificates/additional-options/tls-13/#enable-tls-13). TLS 1.3 uses the same cipher suite space as previous versions of TLS, but defines these cipher suites differently. TLS 1.3 only specifies the symmetric ciphers and cannot be used for TLS 1.2. Similarly, TLS 1.2 and lower cipher suites cannot be used with TLS 1.3 (IETF TLS 1.3 draft 21). BoringSSL also hard-codes cipher preferences in this order for TLS 1.3.
```

Reviewer 2: Uncertain which thing "they" referred to, correct if it's not TLS 1.3
